Oh my God!
Jamie's gonna ask
you to marry him.
No!
I'm not sure if I'm
reading this wrong, but--
I just got out of something.
I'm not even sure
if I am totally
out of it.
Callie:
I'm gonna move
back in with Mariana.
I'm her new
roommate, Isabella.
-So, you just moved her in here?
-We just have so much in common.
-You into magic?
-I don't usually tell people.
-Don't wanna add
to the nerd factor.
-Nerds are sexy.
(moaning)
Alice:
If I didn't know any better,
I'd think you two are in love.
Do you love Davia?
Who wants to know?
-(music blasting)
-(party chatter)
(cheering, clapping)
Never have I ever.
-(groans)
-Not another one.
Yes! Another one!
(laughter)
Been in love with
someone in this room.
(thunder rumbles)
-(awkward murmuring)
-Um...
Davia:
Come on. If you've ever been
in love, you gotta drink.
Aw...
(rain falling)
What is love?
Is it a fruit in
season all the time?
Is it a flower
always in bloom?
Is love eternal?
Is love immortal?
(laughing)
What is love?
Love is what
lifts us up.
It's a mountain high.
It's here and now.
(thunder rumbling)
♪ Who knows what ♪
♪ Tomorrow brings ♪
♪ In a world,
few hearts survive ♪
♪ All I know ♪
♪ Is the way I feel ♪
♪ When it's real ♪
♪ I keep it alive ♪
♪ The road ♪
♪ Is long ♪
♪ There are mountains ♪
♪ In our way ♪
♪ But we climb a step ♪
♪ Every day ♪
♪ Love lift us up
where we belong ♪
♪ Where the eagles cry ♪
♪ On a mountain high ♪
♪ Love lift us up
where we belong ♪
♪ Far from the world below ♪
♪ Up where
the clear winds blow ♪
♪ Some hang on to ♪
♪ "Used to be" ♪
♪ Live their lives ♪
♪ Looking behind ♪
♪ All we have ♪
♪ Is here and now ♪
♪ All our lives ♪
♪ Out there to find ♪
♪ The road ♪
♪ Is long ♪
♪ There are mountains ♪
♪ In our way ♪
♪ But we climb a step ♪
♪ Every day ♪
♪ Love lift us up
where we belong ♪
♪ Where the eagles cry ♪
♪ On a mountain high ♪
♪ Love lift us up
where we belong ♪
♪ Far from the world we know ♪
♪ Where the clear
winds blow... ♪
(song ends)
(thunder)
(laughing)
You're tripping.
He doesn't get to play.
(laughter, chatter)
♪ Pa-pa-pa
pa-pa-pa,
pa, pa ♪
♪ Pa-pa-pa
pa-pa-pa, pa, pa ♪
♪ And then we'll find
our peace of mind ♪
♪ You and me, Bel ami ♪
♪ Pa-pa-pa, pa, pa ♪
(typing)
She's not coming.
Of course.
Well, it is Valentine's Day.
Yeah, but she's all
about Jamie now.
-She could care less about me.
-Maybe you two
just need to talk.
Have a little heart to heart?
He's taking her to 71 Above.
How do I compete with that?
I hear it's very romantic.
You know, actually,
a few of my friends have
gotten engaged there.
-Really?
-Mm-hmm.
(text notification)
How do we feel about men
who still live at home?
-Not great.
-Yeah.
Okay, so you're
clearly over Jeff.
When are you gonna tell
Dennis how you really feel?
Never.
We're better off as friends.
Hey!
Are we going to
a meeting tonight?
Uh, I was
thinking, um...
♪ ...back on the street,
I feel the music ♪
I really appreciate you
coming to meetings with me but
I think I'm gonna go
it alone from here on out.
♪ It's got me moving ♪
Hi.
♪ Hey ♪
I just wanted to say that
I'm so sorry for your loss.
I'm sure your son
was very special.
Oh, no. I'm...
I'm not Jacob's mother.
Oh!
I'm sorry. I assumed
she was your wife.
No.
-I'm just here as a friend.
-Susan: Mmm.
Yeah, of course.
You...
You don't need
me tagging along.
Well, it just might
be easier to...
talk about
some things...
If I wasn't there.
I totally get it.
Ugh, God. Paul is
still on here.
Dennis:
On what?
Oh, um...
Shyppr.
It's a dating app.
Gotta get back in the saddle.
Not this saddle, though.
I'm looking for something
a little more mustang
and a little less...
Shetland pony.
Oh. Gotta go.
Hey.
If you like,
love,
or heart Davia, you better
make a move. Quick,
before she like, loves,
or hearts
someone else.
Have a nice day.
-Hey, Davia?
-Yeah?
Um...
Maybe... you wanna
grab dinner tonight?
It's Valentine's Day,
Dennis.
How about an anti-
Valentine's Day dinner?
Sure.
Huh? I'll take it.
(traffic noise)
Davia. (clears throat)
Davia.
Davia. Davia?
Davia, I love you.
-(slapping)
-(laugh)
I wanna be with you.
(scoff) I...
I can't imagine
living without you.
I love you.
Okay, so should I go
with the techy present,
the sexy present,
or the romantic present?
You're nerds.
Go with the techy present.
No. Sexy all the way.
Hold up.
It's Valentine's Day.
Definitely go with
the romantic one.
Why don't you give
him all three?
-(excited murmuring)
-You came!
-Alice: Hi, Callie!
-Callie: Hi.
-Yeah, but definitely
don't do all three.
-Definitely don't do that.
Yeah, that'll be obvious that
you didn't know what to get him.
Isabella:
Just go with your gut, Mariana.
No one knows Raj
better than you do.
Okay. Well, since we
just said the L word,
my gut says...
-...go romantic.
-Malika: Thank you.
Uh, when did this happen?
Oh, well, Raj said
it first, of course,
and then,
I said it back
the night of my launch.
(giggle)
I'm so happy you
could make it, Callie.
-Oh.
-Malika: Yeah, we miss you.
But, you know what?
Shout out to Isabella
-for planning this.
-Mariana: Cheers to that.
Okay, wait. This...
this is really funny.
(phones buzzing)
(ding)
(laughter)
-Pizza. (laugh)
-So good.
(laughter)
Did we have a Coterie group
thread when I lived here?
-No. This is new.
-I don't remember one.
(all denying)
No, I get
drunk a lot.
So what you said
about Raj, that,
of course, he told you
he loved you first.
Are you supposed to wait for
the guy to say it before you do?
-Oh, duh.
-Yeah.
You can't say it first
or they freak out.
I love you.
Okay, I don't think
that's a rule.
Jamie told
you first.
Joey said they were falling
in love with me first,
but then we ended in a crash,
and now I'm gonna die alone.
Maybe they weren't
the right person.
But they're the one
that I want.
Well, you can't always
have the one that you want.
Sometimes, you gotta know
when it's time to move on.
(typing)
Are you texting them?
Mm-mmm. You're not
getting this back
until you accept
that it is over.
I told Isaac I loved him first
and he didn't say it back yet.
-Alice: Oh.
-Davia: Oh...
But, he didn't freak
out or anything.
Well, yet.
I suppose there
are exceptions.
-(door opens, shuts)
-(nervous chuckle)
-Alice: You're fine.
-Malika: Oh!
Okay, look at you!
(excited murmuring)
We're supposed to have
an anti-Valentine's dinner,
but I was thinking fast casual.
Oh... I could change.
No! No, no, no.
You look very handsome.
Doesn't he, Davia,
look very handsome?
Okay, he just combed his hair.
Don't get all hot and bothered.
Look, I'm actually
already drunk.
Can we just order in?
-Yeah.
-Don't you wanna
go out and...
No. It's supposed to rain.
Hey, um,
when the guys get
here, can we talk?
-Of course.
-Okay.
Can I get you a drink?
Oh, have you met Dennis?
-Uh, I'm Isabella.
Mariana's new roommate.
-Oh my God.
Both:
Nice to meet you.
Uh, what loft do you live in?
-I'm downstairs.
-How nice.
Davia: You know what, maybe
I was being too hard on Paul.
He was actually pretty
good in bed, and...
worth at least a booty call.
(gulping)
So, you were right.
(tapping)
I think Jamie's going
to propose tonight.
(sigh)
Wow.
I love your work.
-Yeah, I wish I did.
-You don't?
Not lately. Just...
been a little blocked.
This have anything
to do with that person
you may or may not
have broken up with?
Yeah, maybe.
It's kinda been a shit
year for relationships.
I feel that.
Have you ever tried shrooms?
Like the magic kind?
Yes.
No.
I have. Just
a couple times, and...
I just remember they
made me feel so creative
and free, like...
all my walls were just dropped.
Anyways, if you're
interested, I know a guy.
(chuckle)
(chuckling)
-(music playing)
-(party chatter)
(door shuts)
-Excuse me.
-Yeah.
-Hi.
-Hey.
(moaning)
Oh, what beautiful flowers!
Thank you.
They're for Mariana.
Is she here? Mariana?
Uh, she's having a little
sister talk with Callie.
-You must be Jamie.
-You must be Isabella.
Why don't I go put
these in water?
-Oh... Cool.
-Okay.
What?
Nothing.
I was looking through
Jamie's drawers,
and the ring was gone.
Maybe he moved it.
Hid it better so you
wouldn't find it.
Or maybe he's planning
on proposing tonight
at the proposal restaurant.
If you're not ready to be
engaged, just tell him.
And humiliate him in front
of the whole restaurant?
Then tell him before dinner!
Oh, that while I was
looking through his drawers,
I noticed that the ring,
that my sister found
while she was looking through
his drawers, was gone?
You know, just in case he was
planning on proposing tonight.
And what if he's not
planning on doing it tonight?
Then-- then I've
ruined the surprise!
A surprise you don't
wanna be surprised by.
Look, I don't know
what to tell you,
but Raj is probably here,
and I need to go back out.
(party chatter)
-You have to try at least one.
-Oh...
-Raj!
-Hey!
-(spill)
-Mariana: Oh!
-You look nice.
-You do, too. (chuckle)
You just spilled a little bit.
-Right, I got it!
-(chuckle)
Look what Raj
brought you.
Oh my gosh!
They're beautiful.
-Aw. Truly are.
-Oh, thanks.
-Hey!
-Hi!
Hi.
What you doing?
Can't I feel up
my boyfriend?
-Are you drunk?
-A little.
Uh, pace yourself.
I have a big night
planned for us.
Hm!
(door opens)
Hey, you.
-These are for you.
-Aw,
thank you.
-(indistinct)
-(kissing)
(party chatter continues)
I'm not-- I'm not
really up for all this.
Oh. Yeah, it's almost over.
Everyone's going
their separate ways, and then
we can have our night in.
Okay. Uh, I'm wrapping up
a business thing. Can...
can I make a call in your room?
Yeah, of course.
Okay, cool.
(laughter)
Gael:
It's kinda been a shit
year for relationships.
Bryan:
You were shut off
from the start!
Until you figure that out,
the only thing
I do know
is that you won't
be right for anyone.
Gael:
Maybe this whole time,
all I needed is you.
Callie:
What, I'm like your muse?
I'll never pass the bar
if I'm up here every night.
I was trying
to help you.
Compromising your principles
might be the world's
idea of success,
but it's not mine,
and it's not
who I wanna be,
and it's not who
I wanna be with.
So you're saying we're done?
I'm seeing
Jamie again.
(inhale)
(yell)
(sniffle)
(hissing)
(thunder)
(scream)
That was awesome!
-(clicking)
-(scream)
(gasping)
Is this really happening?
(thunder)
Don't leave candles unattended.
Sorry. Sorry about that.
-Looks like a transformer blew.
-Yeah, the lights are
out all over the city.
-They're saying stay put.
-Looks like we're not gonna
make our dinner reservation.
-(flickering)
-Dude, you okay?
I didn't know light was
made of tiny little dancers.
-Is he on something?
-I may have hooked him
up with some shrooms.
-It's so beautiful.
-Don't touch.
-Can I have some of what he had?
-No!
You're no fun!
Hey, since no one can
go anywhere tonight,
who wants to play
a drinking game?
(cheering)
(muffled chatter)
(raining)
Malika:
Hey...
(muffled laughter)
Hello?
Hey. Hey.
What are you
listening to?
Uh, nothing.
I'm just...
-I'm canceling
the noise out there.
-Oh, lemme see.
-(silence)
-Oh...
-(noise comes back)
-These are dope.
Yeah. Uh, your internet's down.
I'm sure the client
will understand
that you can't
work in a blackout.
Why don't you let
me help you relax?
You know, why don't we, uh,
join the party out there?
I could really use a drink.
(thunder rumbling)
Never have I ever
pierced my nipples.
(laughter)
Jamie:
Alright, never have I ever
lived with more
than five people.
(cheering)
I felt up Jamie's pockets.
Doesn't have a ring box on him,
so that's a good sign.
What if he left
it in the car?
(thunder)
Never have
I ever...
peed in our pool.
(thunder)
-Seriously?
-Well, that's what
the chlorine is for, shh.
Never have
I ever...
dated someone who
ended up being gay.
I'm gonna take
a half sip.
(laughter)
You didn't leave
anything valuable
in your car,
did you?
Uh, no.
Nope, no.
-Did you?
-No.
-(chatter)
-(shrieking)
Never have I ever...
Thrown up in
a coat check.
-You have!
-(laughing)
All (chanting):
Dennis! Dennis! Dennis!
-(clattering)
-(yelling)
"Give someone the best
lap dance of their life."
-Oh.
-(music playing)
♪ Yo... ♪
(cheering)
(laughter)
(chattering)
Okay,
what about him?
-He's hot.
-Isabella: Alright,
alright, alright...
You can do better.
Isabella:
Oh!
Okay! Lap dance...
musical chairs!
(cheering)
♪ Make that booty, booty,
booty, booty, booty pop ♪
♪ Make that booty pop pop,
make that booty pop pop ♪
(cheering)
♪ Make that booty pop
pop, make that... ♪
Jamie said that he didn't leave
anything valuable in the car,
so... (click)
Okay, well, maybe he dropped
it off at the restaurant
so they can bake it into
a soufflé or something.
-Is that a thing?
-Yes.
♪ You got it going on ♪
(cheering)
♪ You got it going on,
that lipstick don't lie ♪
Okay, everyone switch again!
(party chatter)
So, how was your
talk with Callie?
She just wanted
to talk about Jamie.
She's so obsessed about
whether he has the ring or
he's gonna propose. Just...
I wish she'd ask him
and just leave me out of it.
Oh! Hey!
(cheering)
Davia:
Oh!
(toilet flushing)
Hey.
(sigh)
Hey, would you say it's,
uh, hypothetically,
normal to, uh,
I don't know...
fantasize about another
woman during sex?
Is the woman Mariana's
new roommate?
(thunder)
Look, a fantasy is
one thing, but...
a fantasy motivated
by feelings?
Mm... that's
dangerous territory.
Isabella:
"Never have I ever..."
Oh, it's blank.
I don't know.
Never have I ever...
bought an engagement
ring for anyone.
(thunder rumbling)
-You told her about the ring?
-We live together.
-She's bound to hear stuff.
-Okay, what other
personal things
have you told
her about me?
That I iron my sheets?
I read the Coterie Biatches
text thread, Mariana.
Is that why
you moved out?
No.
No, I moved out
because I love Jamie.
-Then why are you so
afraid to commit to him?
-I'm not!
I-I committed to signing
a lease with him.
(footsteps)
Oh, hey. Uh, Isabella asked me
about getting on the lease
with you. Something about
her renter's insurance.
What do you think?
So, that would mean
taking Callie off.
Yeah.
-Can we hold off for a while?
-Hm?
I'll talk to Isabella.
You know, just in case
Callie decides
to move back in.
You think
she will?
You never know.
Well, good for you.
Hope you give
him more notice
when you suddenly
decide to move out
-and break that lease.
-I didn't break our lease.
I was still paying rent
when you suddenly decided
to move Isabella in!
You completely abandoned me!
I wasn't the one making fun of
you behind your back, Mariana!
Talk about
being abandoned!
(thunder)
-I gotta use the bathroom.
-Okay.
(muffled music)
(raining)
Where's Dennis?
I think he had enough.
(chuckle)
What?
Okay. "Show us your
secret talent."
Uh, I don't really have one.
Ooh! Um, uh,
do your magic trick.
I don't even have it. Oh,
I do have a quarter. Alright.
-Everyone take a look.
-(thunder)
(mystical music)
Jamie:
Whoa!
(applause)
And it's back.
(cheering)
How did I not know
that he was into magic?
I mean, I obviously
don't know him at all.
I'm a terrible
girlfriend.
All of my Valentine's Day
presents suck.
It's okay. No one knows
everything about anyone.
But something
as big as magic?
(sob)
This is huge.
I can't give Raj one of those
stupid gifts that I bought him.
I mean... (gasp)
He gave me the first
line of code for my app,
and I got him
edible underwear!
What's wrong with me?
Okay. I was gonna
give this to Raj
as a thank you for helping
me put my shelves together,
but you should give it to him.
"The Magic Book"
by Harry Lorayne?
It gets great reviews.
Thank you.
-You're the best.
-(thunder)
(shuts door)
What are you
doing in here?
Just, uh...
taking a break.
Look, if I freaked you out
by saying I love you,
just be honest.
You're not there,
that's fine. Just don't...
push me away.
I'm not freaked out...
♪ Begging to be found... ♪
or pushing you away
because you said
you loved me.
Then,
what are you doing?
I'm just...
I'm dealing right now.
-With what?
-I don't wanna talk about it.
Okay?
(panting)
Whatever it is,
I've got you.
-(heavy breathing)
-Okay?
(thunder)
-It's okay. It's ok--
-No, no. I just, I just,
-I just don't want
you to see me like this.
-I wanna see all of you.
Stop.
I love all of you.
(crying)
It's okay, it's okay.
Gael:
Think it's interesting how
the second you're
done playing out
your Latino lover fantasy,
you have time for good
old all-American Jamie.
You were the one
that I trusted!
(click)
You're a mistake.
-Jamie!
-(thunder)
(shuts door)
♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah... ♪
♪ I just need to find ♪
♪ Somewhere to rest my head ♪
♪ A place where I can
feel more clear ♪
♪ I carry all this pain ♪
♪ And I don't understand ♪
♪ Help me take away the fear ♪
♪ Now, I'm looking for ♪
♪ Serenity ♪
♪ Serenity for my mind ♪
♪ And I'm looking for ♪
♪ Serenity ♪
♪ For my mind ♪
(door opens)
-Good morning.
(groan)
How do you feel?
That was the best
Valentine's Day
gift you gave me.
Aw.
Glad you liked it.
(sigh)
(traffic noise, helicopter)
(door shuts)
Feeling better?
Yeah. Sometimes, I...
my chest gets tight,
and my head starts spinning
with all these negative thoughts
of what could happen,
and I can't breathe.
And so, I just
need to be alone
and hold on
until it passes.
How long has this
been happening?
Since I was a kid.
But I get through it,
you know? It's fine.
Have you ever talked to
anyone about anxiety?
Look, I know some
people think that
mental health is something
to be ashamed of, but it's not.
You don't have to hold on.
You can get help.
Why do you think I
haven't said I loved you?
'Cause you haven't.
I said you're my girl.
-That does not spell I love you.
-But you know.
I can't read your mind!
Women need to hear the words.
You need to open your mouth
and speak your feelings.
-Speak my feelings.
-Yeah.
It's okay.
Well, read my lips then.
Look. Look.
(giggle)
I love your eyes.
I love your smile.
I love your wheezy-ass snore.
Hey. That was just one time
-when my nose was congested.
-Uh-huh.
(laugh)
I love you,
Malika Williams.
♪ This is what it is ♪
Thank you.
♪ This is who we are ♪
(groaning)
Ooh!
Jamie!
-You bought my art piece.
-(thunder)
Yes.
(gasp)
Thank you, man.
Oh shit.
Ah...
Oh, I think I need to go
to the hospital. (groaning)
(sizzling)
(clears throat)
Am I having a stroke
or is someone making bacon?
Hm. And pancakes.
-You're an angel.
-(giggle)
Where were you?
You know what?
I don't wanna know.
Where's Jamie?
Uh, he took Gael
to the hospital.
Wait, what?
Why, what happened?
We can do this.
I can't look.
-I'm having the time of my life.
-We can do this.
Three...
Booyah!
Two...
-Ah!
-One!
(thud)
-(crack)
-(groan)
-(gasping)
-(music winds down)
-Oh...
-Oh, right.
Wow. That scene
should come with
a "do not try this
at home" disclaimer.
How are you feeling
this morning?
Okay, I'm sorry
about the text chain!
I don't care
what they said!
I never fit in
here anyway!
Yeah, because you
never made an effort!
Yeah, I did.
I did make an effort.
I'm sorry I can't just
be up everyone's asses
-like Isabella.
-Okay, that's not fair.
She's just trying to
make friends and...
At least she's not
holed up at work,
or at her boyfriend's
apartment all day.
Well, at least I wasn't talking
shit about you behind your back.
Oh, like you don't talk
to anybody else about me.
-Not even Jamie.
-(thunder)
It doesn't mean that
I don't love you!
Well, I feel like
you don't like me.
(thunder)
Maybe we're not
best friends anymore.
Maybe we're
just sisters.
Maybe.
(thunder)
(crying)
(sniffling)
Yeah, I feel okay.
Isabella:
Breakfast is served.
Wait, has anyone
seen my phone?
Didn't Davia take it?
Right.
-(knocking)
-Davia?
(clears throat)
I was just looking
for my phone.
So, I'm just...
Oh, loving the bronze.
(chuckle)
♪ I know ♪
♪ I'm not perfect ♪
♪ That's why ♪
♪ I try and leave ♪
♪ Don't let it go on ♪
♪ I don't need to
try to make it hard ♪
♪ It just comes easy ♪
♪ Hey ♪
Good morning.
(thunder)
I wanna tell you something.
Me, too.
♪ What to know ♪
♪ I don't wanna make no shot ♪
-I took shrooms.
-(song ends)
A landslide can be such
a terrifying thing,
but such a beautiful song.
You know, whatever
happened to Stevie Nicks?
I don't wanna get old.
Oh my God. I'm gonna get old.
And die. (laughing)
(cackling)
-Just focus on me.
-(chuckle)
I love clouds.
(laughing)
(sobbing)
Is it gonna be
this dark forever?!
The sun will be up soon.
So, um, my friend,
the woman that's been
coming here with me.
-The one who pockets
the coffee creamer?
-(chuckling)
Yeah...
Sorry about that.
(laugh)
Um...
So, I'm in love with her
and I wanna tell her.
But, um,
Jacob's mother,
my ex-wife, she's pregnant
and getting married
again, and...
I think, um,
maybe I feel
guilty for, um...
Also moving on with life?
I just feel like
somebody has to,
you know, grieve our son.
I think we can all
relate to that feeling.
Like, we have to stop living
in order to honor
the person we lost,
especially a child.
Yeah, she's really
been there for me.
Davia, you know?
I couldn't have done
this without her.
I might not even be
here without her.
Sam:
When my wife died,
her best friend was
really there for me.
I thought I was
in love with her.
We got involved.
And then,
when I started coming here
and getting better,
I realized that...
-I loved her as a friend...
-Mm-hmm.
but not as someone
that I wanted to be in
a romantic relationship with.
Ended up really hurting her,
and I should've
taken more time
and been more careful
with her feelings.
Susan:
Well, it's hard
in a state of grief
to know the difference
between need and love.
That's why it's
best not to start
any new relationship
too soon.
So, you were gone a while.
Did you go all the way to
New York for these bagels?
I went to a meeting.
Was it easier to talk about
things without me there?
I guess.
-I'm sorry.
-No, it's okay.
I understand.
-(clears throat)
-Callie: What's the verdict?
-Uh, broken wrist.
-Raj: Oh.
I could make some
more breakfast if...
Uh, no thank you.
Uh, we grabbed something.
Yep, uh...
-Ready to go?
-Yeah.
-(grunt)
-Thank you for the most...
interesting Valentine's Day
in recent memory.
-See you later. Next time,
we'll stick the landing.
-(laugh)
-High five! Okay.
I'm heading up.
-Feel better, man.
-Thanks.
Hey, so, uh,
I talked to Alice about your
renter's insurance, and...
I think we should
just sign a new lease.
Great. Thanks.
-I'm gonna go take a shower.
-Okay.
Isabella:
Oh, your Valentine's Day
present!
How is it? (sigh)
It's amazing.
I love it.
I thought you would.
You thought I would?
I was just helping
Mariana brainstorm,
and I know you're
into magic, so...
(water running)
(giggle)
♪ If peace is out there why ♪
♪ Is so hard to find ♪
♪ We all, we all ♪
♪ We all caught the fear ♪
Jamie, I love
you so much,
but I am not ready
to get engaged.
Uh, okay.
That came outta
left field.
I... I was looking
for some socks, and...
I saw the engagement ring
-in the drawer.
-Oh...
We haven't even discussed
getting married.
-I know, I know.
-Then why would you
buy a ring? (laugh)
(sigh)
I, uh...
I didn't buy
that ring for you.
It was meant for
my ex, Heather.
Oh.
Did you propose
to Heather?
-Yeah.
-What happened?
She said no.
♪ We've got no alibi, yeah ♪